Last time that we ran our application, we did not use the Table annotation,
and you can see over here on the left side,
and sorry there is actually no way to zoom in on the MySQL Workbench,
that it created the table user, just that.
Just user.
It didn't specify users,
which a more traditional or common naming convention
for tables is somewhat plural.
A lot of times you'll have your database table named
users where your object is user,
and that's because we can have a collection of the user objects,
but the table is all of the users in our system,
if that makes sense.
So let's switch over to our IDE and annotate the user object
to specify that we want the users table.
Users is actually a reserved table name inside of the MySQL space.
And so we could name our table the same,
but we're going to have some collisions as for things that
they use for security on the back end.
So we'll actually add our Table annotation,
and we'll just name ours conf_users and save this.
And when we start up our server,
it will go ahead and create that table in our database schema for us.
Let's switch over to our MySQL Workbench and see what it created.
Refreshing our schema,
we can see that it has now created our table with conf_users,
but we also have our user table hanging out there.
Why, you might ask. Well,
one thing that is a little bit misleading in the JPA and Hibernate
documentation is that the create and create drop hbm2ddl auto
generation doesn't drop your entire schema.
It only drops tables that are currently mapped to objects.
So to be honest,
the simplest way for us to fix this right now is just to right‑click
on user and say drop table and drop it now. And now everything is
cleaned up inside of our schema how we would expect it to be. The
hbm2ddl auto stuff works great.
It just has a few little caveats that, if you're not aware of, make it a little more difficult.